Update the create snapshot repository documentation (#3116)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/snapshots/create-repository.md

nav_order: 1
---

> # Register or update snapshot repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Registering or updating a snapshot repository
```

Reviewer: Topic titles: https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/blob/main/STYLE_GUIDE.md#topic-titles

> You can register a new repository to store snapshots, or update information for an existing repository, using the snapshots API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can register a new repository in which to store snapshots or update information for an existing repository by using the snapshots API.
```

Reviewer: Should "Snapshots API" be capitalized?

> Snapshot repositories can be of two types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of snapshot repositories:
```

> * File system (`fs`). For steps on creating an `fs` repository, see [Register repository shared file system]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore/#shared-file-system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* File system (`fs`): For instructions on creating an `fs` repository, see [Register repository shared file system]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore/#shared-file-system).
```

> * Amazon S3 bucket (`s3`). For steps on creating an `s3` repository, see [Register repository Amazon S3]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore/#amazon-s3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket (`s3`): For instructions on creating an `s3` repository, see [Register repository Amazon S3]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore/#amazon-s3).
```

Reviewer: AWS service names should always be defined on first appearance.

> For steps on creating a repository, see [Register repository]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/snapshots/snapshot-restore#register-repository).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on creating a repository, see [Register repository]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/snapshots/snapshot-restore#register-repository).
```

## Path and HTTP methods

```
POST /_snapshot/my-first-repo/ 
PUT /_snapshot/my-first-repo/
```

## Path parameters

Parameter | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> repository | String | Repository name. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository | String | Repository name |
```

## Request parameters

> Request parameters depend on whether the repository is `fs` or `s3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request parameters depend on the type of repository: `fs` or `s3`.
```

### fs repository

Request field | Description
:--- | :---

> `location` | The file system directory for snapshots, such as a mounted directory from a file server or a samba share. Must be accessible by all nodes. Required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`location` | The file system directory for snapshots, such as a mounted directory from a file server or a Samba share. Must be accessible by all nodes. Required.
```

`chunk_size` | Breaks large files into chunks during snapshot operations (e.g. `64mb`, `1gb`), which is important for cloud storage providers and far less important for shared file systems. Default is `null` (unlimited). Optional.
`compress` | Whether to compress metadata files. This setting does not affect data files, which might already be compressed, depending on your index settings. Default is `false`. Optional.
`max_restore_bytes_per_sec` | The maximum rate at which snapshots restore. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.
`max_snapshot_bytes_per_sec` | The maximum rate at which snapshots take. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.
`readonly` | Whether the repository is read-only. Useful when migrating from one cluster (`"readonly": false` when registering) to another cluster (`"readonly": true` when registering). Optional.

#### Example request

> The following example registers an `fs` repository using the local directory  `/mnt/snapshots` as `location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example registers an `fs` repository using the local directory `/mnt/snapshots` as `location`.
```

```json
PUT /_snapshot/my-fs-repository
{
  "type": "fs",
  "settings": {
    "location": "/mnt/snapshots"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### s3 repository

Request field | Description
:--- | :---

> `base_path` | The path within the bucket where you want to store snapshots (for example, `my/snapshot/directory`). Optional. If not specified, snapshots are stored in the s3 bucket root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`base_path` | The path within the bucket in which you want to store snapshots (for example, `my/snapshot/directory`). Optional. If not specified, snapshots are stored in the S3 bucket root.
```

`server_side_encryption` | Whether to encrypt snapshot files in the S3 bucket. This setting uses AES-256 with S3-managed keys. See [Protecting data using server-side encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/serv-side-encryption.html). Default is false. Optional.
`storage_class` | Specifies the [S3 storage class](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/storage-class-intro.html) for the snapshots files. Default is `standard`. Do not use the `glacier` and `deep_archive` storage classes. Optional.

> For the `base_path` parameter, do not enter the `s3://` prefix when entering your s3 bucket details. Only the name of the bucket is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `base_path` parameter, do not enter the `s3://` prefix when entering your S3 bucket details. Only the name of the bucket is required.
```

`server_side_encryption` | Whether to encrypt snapshot files in the S3 bucket. This setting uses AES-256 with S3-managed keys. See [Protecting data using server-side encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/serv-side-encryption.html). Default is false. Optional.
`storage_class` | Specifies the [S3 storage class](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/storage-class-intro.html) for the snapshots files. Default is `standard`. Do not use the `glacier` and `deep_archive` storage classes. Optional.

> For the `base_path` parameter, you do not enter the `s3://` prefix when entering your s3 bucket details. Only the name of the bucket is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the `base_path` parameter, do not enter the `s3://` prefix when entering your s3 bucket details. Only the name of the bucket is required.
```

{: .note}

> #### Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Example request
```

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> #### Response

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Example response
```
